Feat/4894  refactor frontend build scripts (#5219)
tracim/tracim: frontend/doc/yarn_scripts.md

Available yarn scripts
======================

> These commands can be executed from any folders starting by `frontend` except `frontend_vendors`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands can be executed from any folder starting by `frontend` except `frontend_vendors`.  
```

Author: will fix

Author: fixed

Example: `frontend/`, `frontend_app_file/`, `frontend_app_agenda/`, `frontend_app_workspace/` ...

### build the app without shared dependencies - Optimized build

    yarn run build:optimized

- Build the app including only its specific dependencies
- Uses the merge dependencies feature of Tracim (see `frontend_vendors` folder)
- Uses the local webpack.optimized.config.js
- Is the script used by `build_[appName].sh` files

### build Tracim lib Optimized for debugging

     yarn run build:optimized:dev

- Identical to `buildoptimized` but with less code obfuscation
- Is faster than `buildoptimized` (less processing)
- Include sourcemaps
- Useful for debugging
- Is the script used by `build_[appName].sh -d` files using the `-d` option

### build the translation files

    yarn run build:translation

- Build the translation files

> - It will add any new translation keys and remove unseen one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It will add any new translation keys and remove unused ones
```

Author: will fix

Author: fixed

- see [./i18n.md](./i18n.md)

> - Must be run before pushing modifications to the displayed texts of the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Must be run before pushing modifications to any text displayed in the app
```

Author: will fix

Author: fixed
